hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my review of the iPad pro so
when this product was first announced in
September I think the question I was on
everyone's mind was who is this product
for because it's not as powerful as like
a laptop like a macbook pro and it's a
really large tablet so who can actually
use this thing as a daily device so I
picked up a few of them I've used mine
for a little bit over a week hear my
thoughts alright quick unboxing here you
open up the box you get the iPad pro
pamphlets lightning cable and a 12 watt
wall plug the iPad pro is pretty big but
after using it for a week I'm used to
its size it's still big but I don't find
it too big for any of the things that I
do with it it's weight is a different
story it's still kind of heavy and it
comes in at just over a pound and a half
so it's not the most comfortable device
to use in one hand but it's still
remarkably well balanced like seriously
one of the top 5 best balance devices
ever aesthetically it's pretty similar
to the current generation of iPad so for
the rest of the video I'm going to be
focusing on user experiences so for this
section of the video I'm going to
loosely define work as work that isn't
creative work things like emails working
with the Microsoft Office suite or
basically anything that people do on a
laptop for a regular desk job so the
keyboard I chose is the Logitech create
it's a little bulky but I prefer the
typing experience on this keyboard over
the Apple keyboard it's also a little
cheaper and it has some keyboard
shortcuts and a home button but it still
only has one position when you prop up
the device the backlighting is pretty
nice it's not something I absolutely
need but I miss it when it's gone so if
you plan to type a lot I think this is a
better keyboard so these keyboards
attached using a physical connection
here it's a faster more reliable
connection and it can provide power to
the keyboard for things like
backlighting I use the iPad pro for a
week as my only computer at work so
reading and replying to emails there's
no problem typing is great on this
keyboard and doing stuff in a web
browser also works well working on
spreadsheets and pages works
surprisingly well and multitasking with
the split screen feature is okay it's
not as good as a true split screen on a
laptop but it works
there's no trackpad so you often have to
lift your arm up to interact with the
screen to navigate
but with the Logitech keyboard there are
some shortcuts and a home button so it's
not too bad now typing with the device
on my lap was not a good experience I
think it kind of stems from the keyboard
cover only having one position of tilt
but yeah I couldn't type on it
comfortably but if you really want to
use the iPad pro as like a laptop
replacement for work you can probably do
it if you have really light computer
needs but you're making a bunch of
sacrifices and you'll likely be more
productive using just a regular laptop
ii Center I wanted to look at was using
the iPad pro as a laptop replacement for
students so with the Logitech keyboard
case and the pencil the whole package is
around three pounds if you use the Apple
keyboard it's a little lighter but it's
still not a particularly lightweight
package there are definitely lighter
options for students I've used a lot of
stylus products out there and the Apple
pencil is my favorite to work with but
it's not perfect for one I don't like
how it charges charges using the
Lightning port and when you do the
pencil is kind of forced up on an angle
like this it doesn't put too much stress
on the connector but it's still kind of
unsettling right you can also charge it
using the regular lightning cable if you
use the included adapter but this thing
is super small and in Prague in Toulouse
mine in a week fortunately it does
charge quickly so you only have to keep
it in a weird position for a bit and
other iOS devices with the Lightning
port will also charge the pencil and it
also doubles as a terrible selfie stick
if you need one and after using the new
surface pen so much I kind of missed
that eraser on the back and lastly I
really noticed the lack of a storage
area for the pencil so I tend to lose
pens and pencils really easily and I
need to be extra careful but the idea of
losing a hundred dollar pencil sucks you
just got to remember to be careful with
this thing now despite these issues this
pencil writes and draws really well with
the pending functions really well with
the Notes app and taking handwritten
notes is fast and it's easy to set up
split screen for note-taking while
having a website open public a course
syllabus or maybe some kind of reference
but not every app allows split screen
like this so if you have a specific app
that you're using for reference like an
an added behalf or something you may not
be able to do split screen notes if the
developer hasn't implemented it yet when
you're not in class media consumption is
really impressive on surface pro it's
got fantastic screen really awesome
sound but keep in mind it's a really
large tablet to hold so after watching
Netflix you might
just chill when you're playing games the
visual experience is really good for
games that can take advantage of the
high resolution but with any kind of
like gyroscope based games it's again
pretty awkward to play because of the
size
now battery life on this thing is
awesome I could easily hit eight or nine
hours on a full charge so if you bring
it to class it'll last you the full day
so the bottom line is this for students
yeah you could replace your laptop with
the iPad pro if you really wanted to but
it wouldn't be my first choice like if
you want a device with a stylus input
for school
I'd recommend the surface pro over the
iPad pro mostly for flexibility like if
you ever need to use your device with a
projector or share a file with someone
with a USB key or something it's going
to be a lot easier on a surface product
than the iPad pro so the iPad pro was
marketed to media creators this is my
friend Philly he makes the background
music tracks for the channel in his
spare time and he uses a device called
the machine to recently the company
launched an app for iOS called high
machine - and I got Philly to come over
and play with a new app on the iPad pro
so he uses it on his phone but the first
thing he commented on was that the
larger screen size was awesome like this
is really nice for more accurate inputs
and just seeing what you're doing
because everything's more spacious but
it still had issues with pressing two
buttons at once when he was creating a
track but the best thing to him were the
speakers these speakers are loud and
surprisingly good obviously not as good
as a quality external speaker but
noticeably better than any iPad before
so it's got four speakers that adjust
their output based on the orientation of
the iPad so Philly spent 40 minutes
making the track that you're listening
to right now and he really liked the
experience it's not as good as the real
physical machine - but this is super
portable and a lot of fun using the
pencil for artwork is a blast I think
it's the best feature of the iPad pro
and in some ways it's like the best
stylus I've ever used most pen input
devices have a very unnatural taper to
the tip but the Apple pencil has a
similar taper to a regular pencil and it
feels more natural when you use it
especially when you're shading it's not
identical to shading with an actual
pencil but it's a really good simulation
and no other stylus feels like this so
my mom came over to visit and just out
of curiosity I got her to try the pencil
and this is someone who literally never
used any kind of digital
drawing device before and she picked it
up really easily and enjoyed it a lot
there's still some lag when you're
drawing it's not really noticeable in
the Apple Notes app but when you use
something like Adobe sketch there is
some lag almost unnoticeable but it's
there now a friend of mine drew a couple
things and when you're using the brush
it's a lot of fun now it's super cool to
see something like this on an iPad but
it's a very similar drawing experience
to the current surface lineup the twelve
point nine inch screen is gorgeous it's
super high-res at 2732 by 2048 so it's
got great color accuracy and viewing
angles so with a great screen like this
and a really well implemented pencil the
hardware is perfect for photo editing at
least light photo editing see what the
name like the iPad pro having that pro
moniker implies use by professionals so
people who create media to make a living
and the hardware is pro status it's
powerful and it's built really well but
in order for hardware to be used as a
tool by professionals the software has
to be just as good and right now it's
not a lot of the apps feel really
limited and it holds the iPad pro back
from being used by professionals it
gives you portability and it's a fun
device but for most media professionals
it's probably not worth it to drop
$1,000 to use a gimped version of a
program that you already have on your
desktop see I can't even make this
YouTube video that you're watching right
now on the iPad pro at least not
efficiently and have app or game
development is your thing there's no
Xcode app for iOS so there's no easy way
to code on the iPad pro unless you're
like super hardcore and you just want to
use a text editor but this really is
just the beginning for the iPad pro and
I think over time developers will put in
the effort to make some really cool apps
but in the meantime there's still a lot
of cool stuff you can do on it ok so the
iPad pro can be used for a ton of
different things but to me the ideal
user is like an illustrator or an artist
or someone who works with 2d or 3d
creative material if you use it for that
it's an awesome device the battery life
is awesome the pen is awesome it's a
really fun experience to draw and create
on this thing but if you aren't you're
not getting good value out of the
products because it's an expensive iPad
and if you're not using it to its full
potential and there's probably other
devices out there that are a better fit
that being said if you are a
professional media creator I wouldn't
use this thing exclusively I wouldn't
even try using it because you're going
to get frustrated the apps aren't there
yet they can be if Adobe kind of picks
up the game and make some really baller
apps I think this can replace at least
some people's workflow but as it stands
right now you'll have to go back to your
desktop apps quite a bit it's more of
like a complementary device right now
and it's not like a replacement device
like the way the surface pro or the
surface book can be that's the end of
this review hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you did Subsidy loved it it's
been nice and I'll see you guys next
time